---
layout: page
title: "Home"
date: 2008-11-26 14:56
author: admin
postid: 2
comments: true
categories: []
tags: []
---
I am a senior researcher at the University of Nottingham, UK. I'm part of the [Mixed Reality Lab](http://www.mrl.nott.ac.uk), and can usually be found either there, or in C15 in the Computer Science building.

You can contact me on:
<table border="0">
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>Email:</td>
<td>[jqm at cs.nott.ac.uk](mailto:jqm at cs.nott.ac.uk)</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Phone:</td>
<td>+44(0)7905 696427</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Skype:</td>
<td>[joe.marshall.nz](callto://joe.marshall.nz)</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>
**Thesis**

My PhD was titled "*Creating Illusion in Computer Aided Performance*". It studied the use of deception and illusion in computer performance, by studying several of the [projects](../?cat=3) described on this web page. If you want to read the thesis (or see some videos from it), please look at the [thesis videos page]({{ site.url }}{% post_url 2009-03-31-thesis-videos %}) ).

**Work**
My research work is on the use of computers in performance. I have made a particular focus on the creation of computer vision based technology to support the circus arts and magic. My PhD is on the creation of illusion in computer aided performance, exploring ways that people trick each other using computers, how people trick computers, and in turn how computers may trick people.

I have created, and performed with several different interactive performance systems. This site contains information on [projects](?cat=3) and [performances](?cat=5) I have worked on, and [publications](?cat=4) that have come out of this research.

If you just want a simple list of things I have published, performed etc. there is a [static page](?page_id=18) with this information.

**Not Work**
I'm a bit obsessed with unicycling, particularly mountain unicycling. I've been the first person to unicycle down several mountains around the world. There's an awful lot of pictures I've taken whilst unicycling, or of unicycling on [here (newer pictures)](http://s119.photobucket.com/albums/o147/joemarshall_photos/), and [here (older pictures)](http://www.unicyclist.com/index.php?page=gallery&g2_itemId=134463&g2_GALLERYSID=b27d122e6546ce2d92cd1023087da9c2) . I did the Ride the Lobster 800km unicycle race in Nova Scotia, Canada, pictures [here](http://picasaweb.google.co.uk/joemarshall.org.uk). I play unicycle hockey every Tuesday night in Derby with East Midlands Unicyclists.

I also have a tendency to throw balls in the air and spin things that are on fire around myself, and generally take part in pointlessly dangerous and stupid activities, both for my own entertainment and in front of an audience.

I do some other stuff slightly less obsessively, like play the piano, go walking / mountaineering, and have even been known to go running.

